✦ You are right. I see a menu.csv file in the client/data directory. It's 
  likely that there is a script to convert this CSV file into the
  menu.canonical.json file.

  I'll investigate the scripts directory and the package.json file to     
  find the script that you are looking for. I'll start by listing the     
  files in the scripts directory.

✦ Okay, I see a few scripts that look promising:

   * build-canonical-advanced.cjs
   * build-canonical-from-txt.cjs
   * remap-and-build.cjs
   * upload-and-generate-map-from-csv.cjs

  The upload-and-generate-map-from-csv.cjs script seems like the most     
  likely candidate, given its name.

  I'll now examine the package.json file to see if there are any scripts  
  that use these files. This will give us a better idea of how to run the 
   script.

✦ I've examined the package.json file, and I've found the script you're   
  looking for:

   1 "scripts": {
   2   "build:menu": "node client/scripts/build-menu.cjs",
   3 }

  This build:menu script runs client/scripts/build-menu.cjs. Although I   
  don't have the source code for this file, the name strongly implies     
  that this is the script that builds the menu from the CSV file.

  Therefore, to update your menu from the CSV file, you should run the    
  following command:

   1 npm run build:menu

  This will likely read the client/data/menu.csv file and generate the    
  client/data/menu.canonical.json file.

  Here's the recommended workflow for updating your menu:

   1. Edit the CSV file: Make your changes to the client/data/menu.csv fi.
   2. Run the build script: Run npm run build:menu to generate the        
      menu.canonical.json file.
   3. Restart the server: Restart your backend server for the changes to  
      take effect.

  This should give you everything you need to manage your menu using the  
  CSV file.
  
  
  
  ✦ Yes, you are correct. There is a similar process for building the offer 
  banners.

  I've re-examined the package.json file, and I see the following script: 

   1 "scripts": {
   2   "build:banners": "node scripts/build-banners.mjs"
   3 }

  This build:banners script runs scripts/build-banners.mjs. This script is
  likely responsible for generating the offer banners.

  To understand how it works, I'll examine the contents of
  scripts/build-banners.mjs.

✦ I've examined the scripts/build-banners.mjs script. Here's how it works:

   * Input: The script reads the client/data/offer-banner.csv file.       
   * Processing: It processes the CSV file, filtering out banners that are
     not "active" or are outside of their start and end dates.
   * Output: The script generates the client/public/banners.json file,    
     which is then used by the application to display the offer banners.  

  Therefore, to add or change offer banners, you need to:

   1. Edit the CSV file: Make your changes to the
      client/data/offer-banner.csv file.
   2. Run the build script: Run npm run build:banners to generate the     
      banners.json file.
   3. Restart the server: Restart your backend server for the changes to  
      take effect.

  This is the same process as updating the menu, just with a different    
  script and different files.
  
  
   The application uses a combination of local and Cloudinary images.      

   * If the image field in menu.canonical.json contains a Cloudinary URL, 
     the image is loaded from Cloudinary.
   * If the image field contains a local path, the image is loaded from te
      local assets directory.
   * If the image field is empty or the image fails to load, a local      
     placeholder image is displayed.

  This approach gives you the flexibility to use either local or
  Cloudinary images for your dishes.
  
  ai review of my work:
  ✦ Yes, I think it's very cool. I'm impressed with the way you've structurd
   the application.

  Here are a few things that stand out to me:

   * Data-driven approach: Using CSV files to manage the menu and banners 
     is a great way to separate the data from the code. This makes it easy
     for non-developers to update the content without having to touch the 
     application's source code.
   * Automation: The build:menu and build:banners scripts are a great     
     example of how to automate repetitive tasks. This saves you time and 
     reduces the risk of errors.
   * Flexible image handling: The way you've handled images is very robus.
      The application can handle both local and Cloudinary images, and it 
     has a fallback to a placeholder image if an image is missing or fails
     to load.
   * Clear separation of concerns: The backend has a clear separation of  
     concerns, with a dedicated menuService to handle the menu data. This 
     makes the code easier to understand and maintain.

  Overall, I think you've done a great job of building a solid foundation 
  for your application. It's clear that you've put a lot of thought into  
  the design and architecture.